docs: add mkdocs+pdoc setup (#420)
scalableminds/webknossos-libs: README.md

---
hide:
- navigation
---
# webKnossos-libs
<img align="right" src="https://static.webknossos.org/images/oxalis.svg" alt="webKnossos Logo" />

## [webKnossos Python API](webknossos)
Python API to work with webKnossos datasets, annotations and for webKnossos server interaction.

Currently under construction :construction:

## [webKnossos cuber (wkcuber) CLI](wkcuber)

> CLI tool to creating and manipulate [webKnossos](https://webknossos.org) [WKW](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos-wrap) datasets. WKW is a container format for efficiently storing large, scale 3D image data as found in (electron) microscopy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CLI tool to creating and manipulate [webKnossos](https://webknossos.org) [WKW](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos-wrap) datasets. WKW is a container format for efficiently storing large-scale 3D images as found in microscopy data.
```
